Pabst Blue Ribbon is a classic brand,
but they'd lost relevance with folks
who drive culture forward.
No offense, aging hipsters. So people think we're outdated.
We think that's a good thing.
♪ Where can you go where the beer is cold ♪
♪ Friendship is forever ♪
♪ Pabst is the place that's in our hearts ♪
♪ Where we can be together ♪
This is the place,
an entire campaign transporting people
to the classic mindset that only Pabst can inspire.
♪ Nostalgic as hell, totally fire ♪
We couldn't outspend the competition,
so we outsmarted them instead,
showing up in places that got people talking.
♪ Everywhere you look, is Pabsty, Pabsty, Pabsty ♪
Then we made Pabst a real place
you could actually visit at a one-of-a kind motel.
♪ Brag to your dad that you visited Pabst ♪
From a trophy case hiding a beer fridge
to a PBR-dispensing jukebox,
to a claw machine packed with cold ones.
All the rooms sold out.
People from across the country traveled
just to experience it and on social fans went wild.
♪ Oh so dope ♪
The PBR Buzz was everywhere.
♪ Literal proof that everybody loved it ♪
♪ For real ♪
Heck, it even got picked up by a guy named Jim.
Well get this.
I heard that Pabst Blue Ribbon is partnering
with a motel in Michigan to create PBR-themed rooms.
This campaign overdelivered on all accounts
with people talking, people drinking,
and PBR top of mind.
So now when folks want a taste of nostalgia,
they can simply remember...
♪ Pabst is the place that's in our hearts ♪
♪ Where we can be together ♪